play the game
daddy pig is taking Reverend George to
see the house he is building that's
because the building work hasn't started
yet has come to the new house mr. pig
positive a car park swimming pool rocket
station a house can you build it exactly
like this please but pika mr. pig what's
her house is it going to be built of
straw or stakes or bricks mr. pig bricks
please God choice
here is a very special you can't build a
house in a day it will be finished
tomorrow and I put the brake on top it
all sounds very exciting
now close your eyes and go to sleep it
is morning
to see the new house triangle good
choice right a bit right a bit blue
yellow red yellow good choice
red good choice
blue oh very nice slide good choice now
your house is ready for someone to move
into